those possibilities. My personal life. We're gonna get called. You're
going to get a call Friday. Right? You're standing orders, right? Lawsuit?
Mission covered. A lot of ground loss is gonna come this one
time. It's gonna be this one command duty officer who is going to say,
You know, he's never You want that? You want to be called rather
forgive this Aman and trips on far. You know what? You want to peak
all you will be called. So when that happens in this present day so
far, it's yourself Throne. Word for word from all the families. Traditionally.
So, uh, you always walk on. You just have to, uh, manage
expectations. You gonna let your styles family? No, that's gonna get
a phone. Nobody's gonna get a phone call tonight. They get a whole
call this weekend. But imagine what dishes and dissipate that or it's